taxes with the fam BAM we just
had Christmas it was very exciting but
it's this dudes first time ever
celebrating Christmas we're giving John
a hard time my grandparents are actually
lovely people
it's just a very unique day where the
boyfriend encounters both sides of
grandparents on the same day ready boy
I've met plenty of grandparents I'm so
ready for this
[Music]
[Applause]
we're going straight from one
grandparents house to our house where
the other side of parents my mom's how
do you feel about this I feel very
excited so can you and also the original
grandparents I just met very impressive
human beings I've never yeah it was so
nice I just want to say that if you go
to a YouTube video and you're watching
it right especially in this one right
now and you click the read more in the
description down below you'll see my
link for my channel
[Music]
thank you how did that feeling vlogging
do you feel empowered good yeah no don't
bring to this I was most excited for
Jonathan to come to meet Jonathan number
two this is my brother John this is my
other brother John okay look at like the
jackets the hats you're both tall
there's a reason you were attracted to
me how's it been knowing each other it's
been good they bonded on the van limp
Biskit like it doesn't act your favorite
band is Nickelback that's the biscuit
well I got a lot dear bids it's not fair
to bail what does request love a spa I'm
trying to think of the edgiest think of
three days grace leakin Park a cake a
Rochester r.i.p Chester
thank thanks to you
dad
[Music]
we live in a household where the cats
take over so if they have a chair
[Music]
my mama and daddy bill bright wanna
present all right the first thing I
still haven't seen it yet
thank you actually don't have a vessel
[Music]
oh this is the picture like literally
just this so you didn't understand what
that last present is basically my
parents got these super talented Timmy
ham designer illustrator video maker to
paint me a painting that I want to put
in my office I have to cuz I'll be
sharing the space and Timmy hams art is
the obsess we should have a Timmy am
chair in our apartment which is who this
video was very homey there I don't think
there is any like technology reviewed or
unboxed but the boyfriend came home to
meet all of the people you mentioned yes
he met both grandparents on both sides
on the same day you met some aunt uncles
brother brother mother dad yeah and and
he's dying because of North Texas
allergies I can't the past few days I
have kind of relaxed because honestly
the last video that I posted was the
first video camera ever which I'm super
stoked on the video but the video took
me like 3 to 4 days to film it doesn't
look like it but do you have any videos
it take you literally 3 to 4 days from
all of the time yeah I usually it's not
doing daily videos I'll have one video
sort of happening while the videos are
being filmed insane sorry it was nice
just like have a few days to chill hang
out with the fam BAM
yeah thoughts oh it was amazing yeah
actually relaxing and going out of this
city and grinding every single second
it's always a nice vacation for our
brains but also family alright kidding
Sarah's got an amazing family a lot of
positive reinforcement a lot of very
nice people a lot of like people who are
successful and question the game which I
can't I can't imagine you be inspired
24/7 I can't imagine it's cool cuz they
have a very like zero to 100 story right
of kind of
you know like growing up on a farm or
saying like dirt poor riding a train to
med school and it's cool the morale of
all the stories work harder and we're
not yeah so now that we're talking we're
relaxing morale is work hard
okay so John's dead now okay Samara
Chrysler happy holidays
happy new year why because the new year
is upon us
give me one resolution and I want you
guys to come at your resolutions and
calm some lives
I'm just a huge resolution get a skate
park built Wow for myself a training
facility private state bar wow that's
kind of a huge one especially for one
year making resolutions are easy but
taking those little and big steps to get
there is always the struggle but it's
about putting one foot in front of the
other and like my mom says like GT says
do you know what how do you meet your
once one bite at a time
breaking news from i-40 asking Sara
deechi what she thinks about the next
year which is 2018 Sara deechi what is
it talk to the microphone
seriously though well I would say maybe
you don't have to kiss the microphone
you just didn't need to talk to it I
need to light the fire under my buttocks
for this podcast for a long talk ass and
I would like to free up some time for
passion projects outside of YouTube
that's a heart that's really hard and
that's hard because I enjoy YouTube and
it has to become our job so it is much
more than even a nine-to-five it's
something that we're always doing so now
to have the discipline to be like you
know what I want to try something a
little bit different still want to post
in YouTube but maybe just you know push
my focus somewhere else for a little bit
I'm doing that too yes I'm taking your
resolution
all right anyways thank you guys so much
for tuning in to these Texas antics
hopefully it was so much entertaining
but let me know what is your new year's
resolution out in the comments below hit
us up let us know I'm gonna be reading
because I know it's inspiring to hear
other people's goals so what do we say
around here lemon now if you like this
video hit the subscribe button down
below
go follow John he has a YouTube channel
just hit half-a-million subscribe stay
peachy ok bye Heather I'm for Christmas
Story come here come gather around learn
how to be a billionaire you're my top
ten ways of thinking like a billionaire
number one don't take vacations what's
the point number two have a short
attention span most successful people
have very short attention spans these
are bad numbers don't sleep any more
than you have to
he said he usually sleeps 4 hours per
night that's not doable for like the
average person the average person isn't
a billionaire
[Music]